Add WC core release thread tasks to release checklist (#6502)
woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks: .github/release-initial-checklist.md

  * Verify and make any additional edits to the pull request description for things like: Changelog to be included with WooCommerce core, additional communication that might be needed elsewhere, additional marketing communication notes that may be needed etc.
  * After the checklist is complete and the testing is done, it will be up to the WooCommerce core team to approve and merge the pull request.
* [ ] Make sure you join the `#woo-core-releases` Slack channel to represent Woo Blocks for the release of WooCommerce core this version is included in.
* [ ] Search the release thread of the WooCommerce core version in WooCommerce P2 (example: p6q8Tx-2gl-p2).

>   * [ ] Subscribe to it so you are aware of any news/changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [ ] Subscribe to it, so you are aware of any news/changes.
```

  * [ ] Make sure you are listed as the _Blocks Package_ lead or add yourself if you aren't.

>   * [ ] If there are any changes that you think might need to be highlighted, add them under the _Feature Rollup_ comment. Keep in mind a change to highlight might be included in a previous version from the one you just released, given that not all of them are included in WC core. Ping the porters if you are unsure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [ ] Add changes you want to highlight under the _Feature Rollup_ comment. Please also look at changes from earlier versions that we didn't include in WC core yet. Ping the porters if you are unsure.
```
